HumanReadableURLs/readme.md, before:

# Human Readable URLs

URL shortening is a common (and often web breaking!) practice - but sometimes you want your short URLs to be a little more... memorable.

Gfycat (https://gfycat.com/) popularised "human readable short URLs"

Let's take a look at one

    https://gfycat.com/SpotlessImpracticalCockatoo


In this kata, we're going to build our own human readable URL generator. Be creative with your source data. Make some really memorable URLs.

We're going to make a program that shortens URLs for us.

# Story 1 - Generate readable URLs

    As a user
    I want to generate a human readable URL
    So that people can remember it

# Story 2 - URLs must not conflict

    As a user
    When I generate a URL
    It should not conflict with previously generated URLs

# Story 3 - See URLs which have already been created

    As a user
    I want to be able to see the last 100 URLs which have been created
    So that I can enjoy the fun links we've made

# Story 4 - Delete URLs

    As a user
    When I select a URL I don't want any more
    It should be deleted

Commit message:

Update assessment criteria, add references

HumanReadableURLs/readme.md, after:

# Human Readable URLs

URL shortening is a common (and often web breaking!) practice - but sometimes you want your short URLs to be a little more... memorable.

Gfycat (https://gfycat.com/) popularised "human readable short URLs"

Let's take a look at one

    https://gfycat.com/SpotlessImpracticalCockatoo


In this kata, we're going to build our own human readable URL generator. Be creative with your source data. Make some really memorable URLs. We're going to make a program that shortens URLs for us. Don't forget to review the [Assessment Criteria](README.md#assessment-criteria) in the top level readme.

# Story 1 - Generate readable URLs

    As a user
    I want to generate a human readable URL
    So that people can remember it

# Story 2 - URLs must not conflict

    As a user
    When I generate a URL
    It should not conflict with previously generated URLs

# Story 3 - See URLs which have already been created

    As a user
    I want to be able to see the last 100 URLs which have been created
    So that I can enjoy the fun links we've made

# Story 4 - Delete URLs

    As a user
    When I select a URL I don't want any more
    It should be deleted
